Hey, what are you doing?
I don't want it
What? I don't understand what you're saying. That's- that's green milk tea, and you barely drank any.
Here I'll take it.
Oh whoa not so fast
What is it worth to you?
Seriously, you didn't want it like two seconds ago.
How about a favor I can call on
anytime, anywhere from you
Take it or leave it
Aaah-
- Aaaah-
- Fine fine fine fine fine fine, whatever
Perfect.
I mean, who counts favors anyways right? We're all friends here.
I do! I'd be stupid not to.
He forgets how many favors he owes me.
That green milk tea thing works every time.
Seriously? That's so lame that you keep track with a notepad.
Be. Creative.
Wes Pounds! Get it?
Because it's about to get heavy.
In London.
No. You're embarrassing us.
What is this? I thought we were having a meeting.
Just basking in my wealth
Wes Pounds? Are you keeping count of the favors?
Gimme that.
Woah woah
Not until you do me some favors
Wait, so if I do you some favors, do I get a Wes Pound?
That's how it works
No, that's stupid. I'm not doing that.
Here Phil, first stack on the house.
Yeah
Hey, you can't just give them out for free...
But they're mine.
These are worth something.
No, that's mine
Taylor.
Give me it
Mine
No mine!
Give it to me!
[grunt]
[gasp]
My pen fell, Wesley.
I need someone to Pick. It. Up.
[gasps]
Thanks, buddy
Just 4257 to go and you're a free man
So that meeting?
I did what I had to do, but it's worth it to get these babies back.
Thanks for the computer Wes.
Hey, can you help me with this door?
Sorry Tay, but you're out of Wes Pounds now. So it's all over now
That's fine. I've got Phil Bills.
Christine Coins.
Taylor Favors
Sorry, I'll use one of these to have Taylor pick it up
Oh my God.
Across the table.
How is this so hard?
Take them from you.
[breathless laughter]
Phil's having a heart attack!
Pick. It. Up.
HAHAHA
okay. Pick it up. Wait wait wait, is it like that?
Pick. It. Up.
[Phil dying of laughter in the background]
Sorry.
Wesley, my pen fell on the floor.
Wesley
my pen fell on the floor.
I need someone to Pick. It. Up.
He's a monster!
So that meeting?
Phil? Phil!
[Christine laughing in background]
Man, that Taylor guy's kind of a jerk.
He's kind of weird.
He's kind of mean to you.
Yeah, I don't know where that came from
He actually thought of that all on his own. I don't know, he has like some pent-up anger.
Issues going on there, but anyways - really hope you liked that episode
Click us for last week's episode
There's new episodes of Offline every Tuesday.
And check out our weekly talk show called Lunch Break on our second channel -  comes out every Thursday
right here and click down here for the next episode of Offline
Somebody better Click. That. Link.
That's just going to be a thing now